feat: Updated `Export-vROPSJsonSpec` to deploy Cloud Proxies (#276)
vmware-samples/power-validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation: CHANGELOG.md

- Enhanced `Export-vROPSJsonSpec` to support VMware Cloud Foundation v5.0.0 and vRealize Operations v8.10.2.
- Enhanced `Export-vRAJsonSpec` to support VMware Cloud Foundation v5.0.0 and vRealize Automation v8.11.2.
- Enhanced `Export-vRLIJsonSpec` to support VMware Cloud Foundation v5.0.0 and vRealize Log Insight v8.10.2.

> - Enhanced `Export-vROPSJsonSpec` to identify when its VCF 4.5.1 or later and deploy Cloud Proxies instead of Remote Collectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhanced `Export-vROPSJsonSpec` to identify when its VMware Cloud Foundation v4.5.1 or later and deploy Cloud Proxies instead of Remote Collectors.
```

Author: Fixed
